but anyway they claim to represent some
mass organizations on masculine vegans
can never claim that I'm hero in 2060 do
we represent one percent of the
population do we represent two percent
of the population why would violence be
justified or effective on behalf of that
two percent population I virus yen so
you know this kind of irrelevant
radicalism totally counterproductive
radicalism that can't can't help you
with ecology can't help you with
political organization can't help you
with any other type of community
organizations of been talking about and
and it's a way of thinking about social
change that because it is rooted in
violence and its ultimate ultimate
objectives or violence and it's means
our balance it never thinks through the
type of examples you guys have heard me
talk about 10 times on this channel what
about cigarette smoking and how
cigarette smoking has changed in society
what about social organizations like
Mothers Against Drunk Driving really
effective non-party forms of activism
when I was in the Green Party even I was
just trying to talk to them about
publications but having a magazine that
talked about ecology and the science of
ecology and you know social change in
relation to that you just had a magazine
gathering together bits of news that
people who donate money to the Green
Party would care about and talking about
that stuff in an authentic way that
would mean so much and it would justify
people donating money to you like you
know ecology has a scientific aspect as
well as an ethical aspect as well as a
vegan aspect if you had a magazine
addressing those things instead of phony
threats of violence and revolution it
would make such a positive difference
and this is in Canada Jesus cry you want
to talk about resorting to violence in
it you know here in Canada have you been
to City Hall no none of these people
have been a city old I've never been to
Parliament they've never tried the legal
means of making a difference and when I
did that stuff when I was nobody when I
was a young kid in University going to
City Hall I met and spoke with some of
the most powerful people in Canadian
politics long term you know I spoke to I
interacted with two different guys who
later became heads of the NDP of our
Democrat Party I had an image I used to
post all the time that related to my
experience in Cambodia showing the
devastation of revolution in Cambodia
with a quote saying you know that
there's no room to be a fake dress up
revolutionary when there's a real
revolution going on but these people who
preach violence they both lack a
pragmatic connection to meaningful
politics and the thoughts about how
political change actually happens how to
really make political change happen and
they also have avoided learning lessons
from history have they've avoided
reading about actual revolutions what
really happens with real class warfare
with real violence when it goes on so
this remains something glorified and
abstract in their minds which is
sickening to me something people on the
left wing say all the time and I
understand I believe me I have studied
the Vietnam War especially with
reference to Laos Cambodia etc I've
stayed the v anymore with people on the
Left talk all the time about learning
the lessons of Vietnam yeah well why
don't I Jesus Christ there were a lot of
lessons to learn from Vietnam there are
lessons to learn from the real communist
revolutions political revolutions that
have happened in Vietnam in Russia in
China in Cambodia watch goddamn but as
crazy as communism is one thing you can
say in its favor is at least they
pretend to represent a large class in
society like the Bolsheviks in Russia
they didn't even claim to represent the
majority but they could say well about
twenty-five percent of Russians are
members of this industrial poor class
that they represents they could they
could say they represented twenty-five
percent of the population in reality
would that 25% even vote for them if
they had an election that's another
story but you know communists in
different countries can claim to
represent twenty-five percent or fifty
percent of the population they can
sometimes the claim to represent the
poor now in Canada what percentage the
population are really poor right these
are the problems you get into but anyway
they claim to represent some
mass organizations on mass movement
vegans can never claim that a mio in
2016 do we represent one percent of the
population do we represent two percent
of the population why would violence be
justified or effective on behalf of that
two percent of the population this is
mimicking a mentality that is from like
the 18th century in Europe not even the
19th century of assuming that political
radicalism simply by declaring itself
radical represents a huge class of
oppressed people and if those oppressed
people are just given leadership violent
leadership then they will suddenly rise
up and vindicate your movement and this
is a course a very biased allusion to
the experience of the French Revolution
experience especially really I don't
need to be one in French Revolution I
mean several French Revolutions none of
them being really studied your thought
about critically you know God yeah look
at the French Revolution what was the
outcome Napoleon and the Napoleonic Wars
Napoleon reestablished slavery you want
to talk about learning the lessons from
Vietnam you want to talk about learning
the lessons of history you want to talk
about learning the lessons of these
revolutions why don't you actually study
what happened in those revolutions the
total disaster the loss of life on a
scale unbelievable and that the outcome
being establishing a dictatorship so
horrible you yourself would not want to
live through it that was true the French
Revolution singular or revolutions
plural the revolution in China god damn
take a look at what communism actually
did in Vietnam once you get past the
kind of phony narrative of looking at
Vietnam as the the victim of American
aggression which of course it is
American bombardment is very real but
communist dictatorship is very real also
mass murder by communist dictatorships
Jesus and murder during the revolution
itself and what class warfare really
means there are a lot of lessons to
learn from the Vietnam War or from all
these wars or from the stupidity of this
pro-war social war attitude alright guys
that is what it is let's let's end this
video there I've talked to you guys from
about 6 30am till after 7am your
canada as mentioned this is what I look
like when I'm completely exhausted no
makeup no intro outro real talk these
are the issues I've dealt with my whole
life I wish it was a joke I wish I could
say that these types of extreme politics
were not an issue in in Canada you know
God you know you'd think I think of the
streets run red with blood in Canada but
they are and violence and non-violence
in theory and in practice remain
profoundly important fundamental issues
for vegans to be able to get to grips
with and again why is that it's not just
because violence is a means to an end
but violence sheeps the end sheeps the
objective so profoundly of what you're
trying to do that it pollutes or it
distorts all of the stages leading up to
that so the Green Party are using the
same example when I was there they were
not even thinking about having a
magazine that talked about science so
you know like science news new
scientific stuff in relation to ecology
even though it's so obvious like if
you're doing fundraising you want people
to donate money to you because you're an
ecological movement the type of people
who donate money they will really value
a magazine that comes at every three
months telling you about recent events
you know within Canada but recent
scientific discoveries recent research
related to ecology related to pollution
in some river or that's what those
people want to read about but that was a
shockingly new idea the shockingly
original idea to people inside the Green
Party when I presented them not because
they're stupid some of them are stupid
but they do not think in those terms at
all because the paradigm of violent
revolution the paradigm that outcome
thinking in those terms means they're
not thinking about the really
constructive methods of how to build a
constituency of how to build an
effective movement and when I first
started talking about cigarette smoking
and government attempts to discourage
nicotine and social activist movements
in relation to nicotine and alcohol
mothers mothers against drunk driving
cigarette smoking when I started talking
with that on YouTube many vegans written
to me and said well that's a shockingly
original idea they never thought of
those comparison why again not because
they're stupid although stupidity is
real many of the people involved are
stupid they had never thought of those
things because the paradigm of violence
this objective these methods so distort
the discourse so direct your attention
away from really salient considerations
of effective activism of how do we
organize a movement what are our methods
what are our means what are outcomes so
again ecology pure and simple and
veganism I mean God communism has been
one of the most influential ideologies
in history of the world it's a huge
problem in terms of how it distorts the
way vegans think about changing the
world it's an even bigger problem if you
were involved in labor activism like you
know labor unions trying to help workers
rights or raise wages or what have you
so there are many deep unexamined
assumptions about how we pursue social
change that comes out of the last 200
years of experience with communism and
radicalism and I can't say it's
irrelevant to all circumstances in the
world in 2016 you know there are extreme
circumstances there's Somalia there's
you know Saudi Arabia there are all
kinds of really extreme political
circumstances around the world where
maybe we'd be having a totally different
conversation but yeah in these white
Western decadent Democratic context it
is shameful for me to me it is shameful
to me that vegans want to be phony
dressup revolutionaries and I say shame
on you you guys have already seen my
videos shame on Gary Yourofsky for
taking a platform he had to advocate
positive social change and polluting it
with a pro violence message